README.md, before:

# microlaunch
A FINAL FANTASY XIV Online native launcher for Linux.

## Why?
XIVLauncher doesn't work for my incredibly fringe use-case.

## Who is this for?
[Myself](https://kagamine-r.in).

## How to compile?
See [BUILDING.md](/BUILDING.md).

## How do you use it?
See [USAGE.md](/USAGE.md).  
*DISCLAIMER: Documentation, as well as the tool in general, is an extreme work in progress.*

## Credits and special thanks
- [FINAL FANTASY XIV](https://finalfantasyxiv.com) by SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. Thanks for the game!
- [XIVLauncher](https://github.com/goatcorp/FFXIVQuickLauncher) and [Dalamud](https://github.com/goatcorp/Dalamud) by [goatcorp](https://github.com/goatcorp). Without XIVLauncher and Dalamud, this project would never have gotten off the ground. Thank you so much! You're the reason why this is possible.
- microlaunch developed by [Rin](https://twitter.com/lostkagamine).

## Made with
- [Rust](https://rust-lang.org)
- [iced](https://iced.rs)
- [tokio](https://tokio.rs)
- [reqwest](https://docs.rs/reqwest)

## Disclaimer
FINAL FANTASY XIV Online © 2010-2022 SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD., all rights reserved.  
*I am not affiliated with SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. in any way.*  
***I am not responsible if this tool gets your character deleted, eats your chocobo, or makes***
***your entire GC squadron turn into lalafells. You've been warned.***

Commit message:

Quality improvement: remove iced (also add a 'print SID and exit' mode)

README.md, after:

# microlaunch-nogui
A FINAL FANTASY XIV Online native launcher for Linux.
This branch does not have a GUI, because [iced pinned a broken version of WebGPU](https://twitter.com/lostkagamine/status/1641934661566840833).

## Why?
XIVLauncher doesn't work for my incredibly fringe use-case.

## Who is this for?
[Myself](https://kagamine-r.in).

## How to compile?
See [BUILDING.md](/BUILDING.md).

## How do you use it?
See [USAGE.md](/USAGE.md).  
*DISCLAIMER: Documentation, as well as the tool in general, is an extreme work in progress.*

## Credits and special thanks
- [FINAL FANTASY XIV](https://finalfantasyxiv.com) by SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. Thanks for the game!
- [XIVLauncher](https://github.com/goatcorp/FFXIVQuickLauncher) and [Dalamud](https://github.com/goatcorp/Dalamud) by [goatcorp](https://github.com/goatcorp). Without XIVLauncher and Dalamud, this project would never have gotten off the ground. Thank you so much! You're the reason why this is possible.
- microlaunch developed by [Rin](https://twitter.com/lostkagamine).

## Made with
- [Rust](https://rust-lang.org)
- [iced](https://iced.rs)
- [tokio](https://tokio.rs)
- [reqwest](https://docs.rs/reqwest)

## Disclaimer
FINAL FANTASY XIV Online © 2010-2022 SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD., all rights reserved.  
*I am not affiliated with SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. in any way.*  
***I am not responsible if this tool gets your character deleted, eats your chocobo, or makes***
***your entire GC squadron turn into lalafells. You've been warned.***
